What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initialize a git repository using git init, a directory wit the name .git is added to the repository, we need it because it facitilates all the functions of git for us.
How is the staging area different from the working directory and repository? What value do you think it offers?
Working directory stores all the files either tracked or untracked by git, whereas, staging area contains the files which are to be tracked by git and our repository contains the commits made by us. Basiclly we make a change in a file, if the file is already on the staging area we commit it otherwise add it to the staging area and then commit.
The use of having a stging area is that we can choose which part of the working directory we want to track, we can do so by either adding or removing the file from the staging area.
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
This is the obvious case when we have made changes related to only one topic/task/subject/domain ina file but when we have made changes in multiple files, staging area comeds into picture bt allowing us to stage specific file and thus commiting them separately, one logical change at a time.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
We could use branches when we want to create a new version of our software , but we also want to preserve the orignal version of our software due to some reasons, or when we want to run some experiments on the current codebase, like proceeding along a new idea, in which case git would provide us a worry free way of doing so by the means of branches. Also branches woul help us preserve our orignal version of the software.
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
They give us a clear idea of the whole picture, by clearly implying from which commit we can reach to a given commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Merging two branches combines the changes made on the two branches, it does so by setting the head of both the branches same(diargam view), which is head of either one of them. We represent it in this way because it specifies which commit came from which branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs always doing merges manually?
When same part is modified in a file in two different branches a merge creates a conflict. In git the conflict is resolved manually. The pros of manual merging is that the user who is well aware of the code and knows what function it needs to perform can resolve the conflict in the required manner. In case of automatic resolution of conflicts the desired function may not be achieved because after all it will bbe resolved by he machine.
